Does Lu Tingyue know?
I didn't dare tell him.
If I die, he marries another woman
What will happen to my child?
So you are afraid
If you have a stepmother, you will have a stepfather
The two children are not treated fairly
So I want to live while I'm still alive
Get more benefits for your children, right?
In fact, I don't think you need to raise enough
I think Lu Tingyue
He treats you differently.
He must have something for you
It's sincere.
I can't bet.
I dare not bet on anyone's sincerity
Not to mention
It is still the sincerity of the first person in power in Jiangcheng
You are still as stubborn as ever
So what are you going to do?
Negotiate with him
Lu Tingyue, I want to talk to you
What's the matter?
I want to tell you about the agreement
What do you want to say, you and me?
Hello, Mom.
OK, I see.
We'll talk about the agreement later
The day after tomorrow is my aunt's birthday.
You get ready
Lu Tingyue Lu Tingyue